OCPBUGS#52185: Add unique value for topology.kubernetes.io/zone in HCP (#89592)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-bm-prereqs.adoc

$ oc get managedclusters local-cluster
----

> * You must add the `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` label to your bare-metal hosts on your management cluster ensuring that you use a unique value for `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` on each host. Otherwise, all of the hosted control plane pods are scheduled on a single node, causing single point of failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must add the `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` label to your bare-metal hosts on your management cluster. Ensure that each host a unique value for `topology.kubernetes.io/zone`. Otherwise, all hosted control plane pods are scheduled on a single node, creating a single point of failure.
```

Reviewer 2: @sr1kar99 +1
A small correction.
`Ensure that each host has a unique value for `topology.kubernetes.io/zone`.`

Author: Updated. Thanks
